Update PTO pseudocode to better match text (#3461)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

    // Time threshold loss detection.
    loss_detection_timer.update(earliest_loss_time)
    return

  if (server is at anti-amplification limit):
    // The server's alarm is not set if nothing can be sent.
    loss_detection_timer.cancel()
    return

  if (no ack-eliciting packets in flight &&
      peer not awaiting address validation):
    // There is nothing to detect lost and the server

>     // is not blocked by the anti-amplification limit.

Reviewer: This comment is a little strange.

The point here is to catch the case where there is nothing to send, with the exception that the client might need to keep the server primed in case it is blocked on its anti-amplification limit.

As we've already dispensed with the anti-amplification limit at the server, I think that this needs to concentrate on the client instead.

```suggestion
    // There is nothing to detect lost, so set no timer.
    // However, the client still sets the timer if the server
    // might be blocked by the anti-amplification limit.
```

    // Time threshold loss detection.
    loss_detection_timer.update(earliest_loss_time)
    return
    
  if (IsServerWhichReachedAddressValidationLimit()):
    loss_detection_timer.cancel()

>     return

Reviewer: The odd mix of pseudo-prose and undefined functions is starting to get noticeable.

```
    if (server is at anti-amplification limit):
```

And later:

```
    if (no ack-eliciting packets in flight &&
        peer not awaiting address validation):
```

    SetLossDetectionTimer()
    return

  if (bytes_in_flight > 0):
    // PTO. Send new data if available, else retransmit old data.
    // If neither is available, send a single PING frame.
    _, pn_space = GetEarliestTimeAndSpace(
      time_of_last_sent_ack_eliciting_packet)
    SendOneOrTwoAckElicitingPackets(pn_space)

>   else:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  else if client:
```

Otherwise, the server might hit this path if it has sent HelloRetryRequest and had it acknowledged.  In that case, the server has to sit tight.  It's a perverse scenario, but PQ is coming...

Reviewer: Oh, this might need all the original constraints as well, otherwise this path will be hit by a quiescent client all the time.

Author: The alarm shouldn't be armed in those case, as stated above in the normative text
"If no data can be sent, then the PTO alarm MUST NOT be armed until datagrams have been received from the client."

Would you like some pseudocode added to the "Setting the Loss Detection Timer" pseudocode?
